1 Inception
2 Christopher Nolan is the director of Inception.
3 Inception is a movie written by Christopher Nolan.
4 Inception starred Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Tom Hardy, and Ellen Page.
5 The year that Inception was released was 2010.
6 The languages English, French, and Japanese are the languages you can watch Inception in.
7 Action, Sci-Fi, and Mystery are the film genres of Inception.
8 Audiences thought Inception was fantastic.
9 Inception was a famous film.
10 A few words describing what Inception is about are: sci-fi, action, surreal, twist ending, fantasy, psychology, visually appealing, thought-provoking, adventure, imdb top 250, drama, thriller, predictable, boring, music, cinematography, great soundtrack, dreamlike, suspense, alternate reality, psychological, erlend's dvds, mystery, seen more than once, mindfuck, ensemble cast, soundtrack, philosophy, acting, original, leonardo dicaprio, story, heist, bd-video, science fiction, complicated, bechdel test:fail, clever, long, paris, memory, too long, ending, visually stunning, intense, cliche, memasa's movies, plot twist, special effects, unrealistic, epic, michael caine, cerebral, dreams, plot holes, plot, joseph gordon-levitt, sentimental, los angeles, big budget, interesting, script, christopher nolan, happy ending, watched, original plot, pg-13, confusing, intellectual, ellen page, talky, want to see again, justice, pretentious, hollywood, short-term memory loss, jus+san, tokyo, fast paced, seen 2010, sci fi, imax dmr, unpredictable, complicated plot, cillian murphy, dull, complex, j netflix, open ending, great cast, thoughtful, guilt, director-screenwriter, marion cotillard, innovative, editing, imaginative, tom hardy, deep, hans zimmer, mind games, creative, nonsensical, slow motion, do zassania, ambiguous ending, hugo award, convoluted, score, confusing plot, multiple realities, makes you think, classical, ken watanabe, dream, not available from netflix streaming, implausible, rate down, ambition, multiple interpretations, screenplay, toplist10, inconsistent, interesting story, kenya, mirrors, unexpected, inventive, dream within a dream, excellent soundscore, inconsistencies, bathtub, pg-13:violence, tom berenger, pete postlethwaite, lucid dreaming, boring after 2/3, dead wife, sydney, subconscious, hyped, mindfuck movie, nolan, spinning top, broken characters, weightlessness, and dileep rao.
11 Inception has the following plot: A thief who steals corporate secrets through use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.
12 Who directed the movie inception?	Chirstophernolan	2
13 What language is inception in?	English	6
14 When was inception released?	2010	5
15 What did audience think about inception?	Fantastic	8
16 What is the genre of inception?	Scifi	7
1 Lucia
2 Pawan Kumar is the person who directed Lucia.
3 Pawan Kumar's the writer of Lucia.
4 Lucia starred Pawan Kumar, Sruthi Hariharan, Sathish Neenasam, and Achyuth Kumar.
5 2013 was the year that Lucia came out.
6 Lucia is in Kannada.
7 Lucia falls under the genres Drama, Romance, and Sci-Fi.
8 Lucia is considered a fantastic film.
9 Lucia is a relatively highly watched film.
10 Lucia has the plot: A man suffering from insomnia is tricked into buying a drug, Lucia, that makes his desires come true in his dreams, blurring the line between fantasy and reality.
11 Who directed the movie Lucia?	Pawan	2
12 What language is Lucia in?	Kannada	6
13 When was Lucia released?	2013	5
14 What did audience think about Lucia?	fantastic	8
1 Kahaani
2 Kahaani was directed by Sujoy Ghosh.
3 Suresh Nair, Ritesh Shah, Sujoy Ghosh, Advaita Kala, and Nikhil Vyas are the authors of Kahaani.
4 Kahaani starred actors Vidya Balan, Dhritiman Chatterjee, Saswata Chatterjee, and Parambrata Chatterjee.
5 2012 was the year that Kahaani came out.
6 One can listen to Kahaani in Hindi and Bengali.
7 Drama, Thriller, and Mystery are the genres of Kahaani.
8 The rating of Kahaani was fantastic.
9 Kahaani was a relatively famous movie.
10 Some words to describe Kahaani are: no_fa_ganes, too small, and getdvd.
11 Kahaani has the following plot: A pregnant woman's search for her missing husband takes her from London to Kolkata, but everyone she questions denies having ever met her husband.
12 Who directed the movie Kahaani?	Sujoy	2
13 What language is Kahaani in?	Hindi	6
14 Release year of Kahaani?	2012	5
15 What did audience think about Kahaani?	fantastic	8
16 What is the genre of Kahaani?	Mystery	7